Added option to preserve request method in forwardAuth (#11473)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/middlewares/http/forwardauth.md

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### `preserveRequestMethod`

_Optional, Default=false_

> `preserveRequestMethod` defines whether to preserve the original request `method` while forwarding the request to the authentication server. By default, if it set to `false`, the request method is changed to `GET` when it reaches the authentication server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`preserveRequestMethod` defines whether to preserve the original request method while forwarding the request to the authentication server. By default. when this option is set to `false`, incoming requests are always forwarded as `GET` requests to the authentication server.
```

Author: There is a typo in the suggestion. Comma should be there instead of full stop after **By default**
```suggestion
`preserveRequestMethod` defines whether to preserve the original request method while forwarding the request to the authentication server. By default, when this option is set to `false`, incoming requests are always forwarded as `GET` requests to the authentication server.
```

Author: This is fixed

```yaml tab="Docker & Swarm"
labels:
  - "traefik.http.middlewares.test-auth.forwardauth.preserveRequestMethod=true"
```

```yaml tab="Kubernetes"
apiVersion: traefik.io/v1alpha1
kind: Middleware
metadata:
  name: test-auth
spec:
  forwardAuth:
    # ...
    preserveRequestMethod: true
```

```json tab="Consul Catalog"
- "traefik.http.middlewares.test-auth.forwardauth.preserveRequestMethod=true"
```

```yaml tab="File (YAML)"
http:
  middlewares:
    test-auth:
      forwardAuth:
        # ...
        preserveRequestMethod: true
```

```toml tab="File (TOML)"
[http.middlewares.test-auth.forwardAuth]
  # ...
  preserveRequestMethod = true
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
